index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/edit/master/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Updating page (add text, images, links ) for zTuber app

index.md, after:

## Download Videos from Youtube

zTuber is an amazing Android app to stream music and download videos from [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/) in different formats like 3GP, MP4, M4A and can be converted to MP3 using FFmpeg for free, without limitations.

| ![Search video](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/master/images/01.png)     | ![Get Format](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/master/images/02.png) |
| ---      | ---       |
| ![Downloads](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/master/images/03.png) |   ![View](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/master/images/05.png)    |


### Stream music from Youtube

With zTuber you can create your own music playlist and listen it every single time without any limitation and subscription.
You can stream music and use your other apps at the same time without pause your favorite video.

![Stream music](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/master/images/04.png)


### Convert videos to audio MP3

If you already have the video why download the audio file again? zTuber allows to convert your video in your download list to MP3 without download the video again. Try it, it's pretty cool.


### Device compatibility

zTuber is compatible with Android versions 4.4 (api 19) up to Android N.


### Download zTuber

Download zTuber apk from [here](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/ztuber-app.appspot.com/o/zTuber%2Fversion%2F1.0.0-final%2FzTuber-1.0.0-final.apk?alt=media&token=f3a31590-9ba2-4734-a7d5-a7e1e6748af4)


### Installing zTuber

zTuber is not on Google Play due to Google’s Policy which prohibits YouTube downloading apps for copyright concern. zTuber is safe, does not have any virus or malware code that can put your device on risk. Thank you for your trust.

When you download the apk go to Settings - Security - Check unknow sources - OK
After do that, go to your download folder and install the application.

![Installing app](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zoedevelopers/zTuber/master/images/06.jpg)


### Support or Contact

Having trouble with the app? You can email us to zoedevelopers@gmail.com and we’ll help you sort it out.
